a few words about the preparation
antenna cable in type and a couch on
He special connectors connectors
cable is used as in TVs
and satellites for example to connect
television antenna to the television either
to connect a satellite dish to
various household compounds for
dilutions of 20 and patches of the TV
Now I will show how this is done and so
we will need some basic
elements from and cable antenna normal
cable
special connectors
This is the first plan of the cable
all ends on one side and on
on the other side
limit switches
and in the subsequent ready connection
worn by such a connector on
cable trailer going right
connector either with such a limit switch is already possible
embed satellite equipment i for
example take a small piece of cable
to show how you can compress it
the tool we need a piece of cable
ordinary stationery knife with closely cut
cable cutter
may not be useful yet small
passatizh take cable that's just
cut a piece of cable
about so that's roughly this
two centimeters can even be half
take out the knife and scroll to give not
cable neat circular motion
We apply and so here it is
scroll to incise the top
isolation
in this way you need it again
push and top insulation start
break down like this happened here
prune and she is all here
way breaks
remove rises accordingly copper it
here's the thread it can be copper can
be another material this is so
called screen foil respectively
thread we unravel a little I do
It is so there are other ways but probably
my slept with me the way she is working on
I'm not working on it anymore not TV
one satellite dish and so thread we
brought to the bottom here and so it squeezed
because it should be visible on camera
like this
we twist it so that it does not
deformed not torn on becomes
this way the canvas and so here's the excess
then we will cut it like this
we hammer in further we take too a knife by business
one more cut in the same circle
so you can remove the rest
cable and 1 live internal copper conductor
you need to do the central one too
neatly so here we are big
in circular motions in this way
we bare live
so much i don't speak to bulge
isolation is something like this should
look like if
cable braid tight and thick and
screwed up the connector will be hard for
she can try to do the following
manipulations take a pliers and a little bit
rumpled like this change a little bit
it is then a little bit she sat down and easier
on cool minus take here such
connector
so here's a connector
so he looks start to wear here and
I wind it on the cable such here
ordinary mechanical actions when
already he planted began to curl we
so that the thread here is not looking out
the connector slightly retreat to
about the width of the wrap and remove it
the extra part is superfluous
Tim choose worth for a small tail
accordingly which will close now
winding process
cheat if it goes hard you can
a little help and so pliers and
follow carefully
when spinning need to achieve that
to wind here for that image
so that where we cut the insulation on
I am fully seated and not stuck out here and
something like this you do not show how ready
the form
that is, the village's cable here she sits
here so here we cut off
the remainder
[music]
according to the instructions usually sent here
bulging in this part for two or three
millimeter that is something like this
cut in this form
the connector is completely ready now here you can
wind up
any additional connector either
directly in this form to insert into the satellite
equipment
the connector can be like this
for example g-shaped and tv in this
case, we first insert it here after
of this we wind it accordingly
then either here so here it is exactly the same
cheat set twist up
tight twisting after this it's all
ready and in this form in this form all
it can be used further in work
here and so see see doing this
all on this I have all the best
until